[IMP] getting_started: use odoo/tutorials repository + runbot (#7968)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/tutorials/getting_started/02_setup.rst

First, follow the :ref:`contributing/development/setup` section of the contributing guide to prepare
your environment.

By now, you should have downloaded the source code into two local repositories, one for `odoo/odoo`
and one for `odoo/enterprise`. These repositories are set up to push changes to pre-defined
forks on GitHub. This will prove to be convenient when you start contributing to the codebase, but
for the scope of this tutorial, we want to avoid polluting them with training material. Let's then
develop your own module in a third repository `odoo/tutorials`. Like the first two repositories,
it will be part of the `addons-path` that references all directories containing Odoo modules.
In this repository, we will create our first module!

.. note::

>    This repository also already contains some bare modules that will be used later on during
>    Javascript tutorials.

Reviewer: It will probably change several times in the future so let's be vague.
```suggestion
   This repository also already contains some bare modules that will be used in other tutorials.
```

#. Following the same process as with the `odoo/odoo` and `odoo/enterprise` repositories, clone
   the `odoo/tutorials` repository on your machine with:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ git clone git@github.com:odoo/tutorials.git

#. Configure your fork and Git to push changes to your fork rather than to the main codebase. If you

>    work at Odoo, configure Git to push changes to the shared forks created on the account **odoo-dev**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   work at Odoo, configure Git to push changes to the shared fork created on the account **odoo-dev**.
```

   .. tabs::

      .. tab:: Link Git with your fork

         #. Visit `github.com/odoo/tutorials <https://github.com/odoo/tutorials>`_ and click the

>             :guilabel:`Fork` button to create a fork of the repository under your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            :guilabel:`Fork` button to create a fork of the repository on your account.
```

         #. In the command below, replace `<your_github_account>` with the name of the GitHub account
            on which you created the fork.

            .. code-block:: console

               $ cd /TutorialsPath
               $ git remote add dev git@github.com:<your_github_account>/tutorials.git

      .. tab:: Link Git with odoo-dev

         .. code-block:: console

            $ cd /tutorials
            $ git remote add dev git@github.com:odoo-dev/tutorials.git
            $ git remote set-url --push origin you_should_not_push_on_this_repository

That's it! Your environment is now prepared to run Odoo from the sources, and you have successfully
created a repository to serve as an addons directory. This will allow you to push your work to GitHub.

.. important::

   **For Odoo employees only:**

   #. Make sure to read very carefully :ref:`contributing/development/first-contribution`. In particular,
      your branch name must follow our conventions.

>    #. Once you have pushed your first change to the shared-fork on **odoo-dev**, create a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Once you have pushed your first change to the shared fork on **odoo-dev**, create a
```

      :abbr:`PR (Pull Request)`. Please put your quadrigram in the PR title (e.g., "abcd - Technical
      Training").

      This will enable you to share your upcoming work and receive feedback from your coaches. To ensure
      a continuous feedback loop, we recommend pushing a new commit as soon as you complete a chapter
      of the tutorial. Note that the PR is automatically updated with commits you push to **odoo-dev**,
      you don't need to open multiple PRs.

   #. At Odoo we use `Runbot <https://runbot.odoo.com>`_ extensively for our :abbr:`CI (Continuous
      Integration)` tests. When you push your changes to **odoo-dev**, Runbot creates a new build

>       and test your code. Once logged-in, you will be able to see your branches `"Tutorials" project

Reviewer: Sorry I changed my mind on this one :innocent: 
```suggestion
      and test your code. Once logged-in, you will be able to see your branches `Tutorials project
```

>       and test your code. Once logged-in, you will be able to see your branches `"Tutorials" project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      and test your code. Once logged in, you will be able to see your branches `"Tutorials" project
```

GitHub.

Now, make a small change in the `tutorials` repository, such as updating the
:file:`README.md` file. Then, follow the :ref:`contributing/development/first-contribution` section
of the contributing guide to push your changes to GitHub.

.. important::
   For Odoo employees only:

   1. Be careful with your branch name
      Make sure to read very carefully :ref:`contributing/development/first-contribution`, in particular your
      branch name must follow our conventions.
   2. Open a PR
      Once you have pushed your small change to the shared-fork on **odoo-dev**, create a
      :abbr:`PR (Pull Request)`. Please put your quadrigram in the PR title, for example use
      `abcd - Technical training`.
      This will enable you to share your upcoming work and receive feedback from your coaches.
      To ensure a continuous feedback loop, we recommend pushing a new commit as soon as you reach a new
      milestone, such as completing a chapter of the tutorial. Note that the PR is automatically updated with
      commits you push to odoo-dev, you don't need to open multiple PR.
   3. Runbot

>       At Odoo we use runbot extensively to do our Continuous Integration tests, it does linter checks.
>       Each time you will push your changes to **odoo-dev**, runbot will create a new build and test your code.
>       Once logged-in, you will be able to see your branches
>       `here
>       <https://runbot.odoo.com/runbot/tutorials-12>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      At Odoo, we use `Runbot <https://runbot.odoo.com>`_ extensively for our :abbr:`CI (Continuous Integration)` tests.
      When you push your changes to **odoo-dev**, Runbot creates a new build and tests your code.
      Once logged in, you can see your branchs in the `"Tutorials" project <https://runbot.odoo.com/runbot/tutorials-12>`_.
```

   - Other commonly used arguments are:

     - :option:`-i <odoo-bin --init>`: Install some modules before running the server
       (comma-separated list). This is equivalent to going to :guilabel: `Apps` in the user interface,
       and installing the module from there.
     - :option:`-u <odoo-bin --update>`: Update some modules before running the server

>        (comma-separated list). This is equivalent to going to :guilabel: `Apps` in the user interface,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       (comma-separated list). This is equivalent to going to :guilabel:`Apps` in the user interface,
```

   - Other commonly used arguments are:

     - :option:`-i <odoo-bin --init>`: Install some modules before running the server

>        (comma-separated list). This is equivalent to go in Apps and select a module to install
>        through user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       (comma-separated list). This is equivalent to going to :guilabel:`Apps` in the user interface and installing the module from there.
```

     - :option:`-u <odoo-bin --update>`: Update some modules before running the server

>        (comma-separated list). This is equivalent to go in Apps and select a module, and click upgrade
>        through user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       (comma-separated list). This is equivalent to going to :guilabel:`Apps` in the user interface, selecting a module, and upgrading it from there.
```
